1326387061
Application	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateSubjects	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/db/migrate/20120112144854_create_subjects.rb	class CreateSubjects 
CreateTutorials	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/db/migrate/20120112144835_create_tutorials.rb	class CreateTutorials 
DeviseCreateUsers	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/db/migrate/20120112163122_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
Dissertation	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/config/application.rb	module Dissertation
Subject	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/models/subject.rb	class Subject 
SubjectTest	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/test/unit/subject_test.rb	class SubjectTest 
SubjectsController	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/subjects_controller.rb	class SubjectsController 
SubjectsControllerTest	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/test/functional/subjects_controller_test.rb	class SubjectsControllerTest 
SubjectsHelper	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/helpers/subjects_helper.rb	module SubjectsHelper
SubjectsHelperTest	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/test/unit/helpers/subjects_helper_test.rb	class SubjectsHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
Tutorial	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/models/tutorial.rb	class Tutorial 
TutorialTest	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/test/unit/tutorial_test.rb	class TutorialTest 
TutorialsController	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/tutorials_controller.rb	class TutorialsController 
TutorialsControllerTest	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/test/functional/tutorials_controller_test.rb	class TutorialsControllerTest 
TutorialsHelper	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/helpers/tutorials_helper.rb	module TutorialsHelper
TutorialsHelperTest	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/test/unit/helpers/tutorials_helper_test.rb	class TutorialsHelperTest 
User	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
WebsiteTest	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/test/unit/website_test.rb	class WebsiteTest 
WebsitesControllerTest	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/test/functional/websites_controller_test.rb	class WebsitesControllerTest 
WebsitesHelper	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/helpers/websites_helper.rb	module WebsitesHelper
WebsitesHelperTest	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/test/unit/helpers/websites_helper_test.rb	class WebsitesHelperTest 
change	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/db/migrate/20120112144835_create_tutorials.rb	  def change
change	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/db/migrate/20120112144854_create_subjects.rb	  def change
change	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/db/migrate/20120112163122_devise_create_users.rb	  def change
create	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/subjects_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/tutorials_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/subjects_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/tutorials_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/subjects_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/tutorials_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/subjects_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/tutorials_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/subjects_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/tutorials_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/subjects_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/tutorials_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/subjects_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/jamie/Dropbox/Rails/Tutorial/app/controllers/tutorials_controller.rb	  def update
